Improve contributing doc (#4127)
quarkusio/quarkus: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### IDEA Setup

> Open the _Settings_ window, navigate to _Plugins_ and install the [Eclipse Code Formatter Plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/6546-eclipse-code-formatter) from the Marketplace.

Reviewer: I have `_Preferences_` on my macOs IntelliJ :-)

Maybe we should have the two options?

Author: @machi1990 which edition of IDEA do you use? I use the community one.

Author: I add both

```
DevMojoIT require a few minutes to run but anything more than that is not expected. Make sure that nothing is running on 8080.

* The native integration test for my extension didn't run in the CI

> If you create a new extension, it's normal as to parallelize the CI the native build has been split in multiple steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus native builds have been split up in multiple steps to speed up the CI, because of this it is normal that you do not see the build for a new extension. 
```

Reviewer 2: Even better I think: `In the interest of speeding up CI, the native build steps have been split into multiple steps. This means that each new extension needs to be configured explicitly in `azure-pipelines.yml` to have it's integration tests run in native mode`.

Author: I use @geoand sentence but I add the name of the stage to add more info in the FAQ

Reviewer: Good call. It has better wording.

> You must add the native integration test of your new extension in one of the existing jobs of the `run_native_tests_stage` stage inside the `azure-pipelines.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have Quarkus CI pick up your extension native tests, you must add the native integration test of your new extension in one of the existing jobs of the `run_native_tests_stage` stage inside the `azure-pipelines.yml` file.
```
